Update cloud plugin documentation to make consistent with new metrics. (#1070)
firebase/genkit: docs/plugins/google-cloud.md

- `topK` - the inference topK [value](https://ai.google.dev/docs/concepts#model-parameters).
- `topP` - the inference topP [value](https://ai.google.dev/docs/concepts#model-parameters).

### Feature-level metrics

Features are the top-level entry-point to your Genkit code. In most cases, this
will be a Genkit flow, but if you do not use flows this will be the top-most
span in a Genkit trace.

> Name                    | Description
> ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------
> genkit/feature/requests | Counter for number of requests by feature.
> genkit/feature/latency  | Histogram tracking feature execution latency in ms.
> 

Reviewer: I wonder if we should do something like this in all the sections.

```suggestion
Name                    | Type      | Description
----------------------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------
genkit/feature/requests | Counter   | Number of requests.
genkit/feature/latency  | Histogram | Execution latency in ms.
```

Author: Good idea, updated!

Each feature-level metric contains the following dimensions:

| Name          | Description                                                  |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| name          | The name of the feature. In most cases, this is the          |
:               : top-level genkit flow.                                       :
| status        | 'success' or 'failure' depending on whether or not the       |
:               : feature request succeeded.                                   :
| error         | Only set when `status=failure`. Contains the error type that |
:               : caused the failure.                                          :
| source        | The genkit source language. Eg. 'ts'.                        |
| sourceVersion | The version of the genkit framework used                     |

### Action-level metrics

Actions represent a step of genkit execution. Every Genkit span in a trace is

> considered an action and will have the following metrics tracked:

Reviewer: Ok, so is it safe to say these are "AI Monitoring actions" and not "Genkit actions"?

> considered an action and will have the following metrics tracked:

Reviewer: New verbiage seems reasonable.

> considered an action and will have the following metrics tracked:

Author: I wouldn't call them "AI Monitoring actions", they are just Genkit action spans, but I'm having a hard time defining exactly what that is. I think the current verbiage is accurate, but if it seems too vaque we can make this a little more defined.

| genkit/ai/generate/requests          | Counter for the number of times this |
:                                      : model has been called.               :
| genkit/ai/generate/latency           | Histogram tracking execution latency |
:                                      : in ms.                               :
| genkit/ai/generate/input/tokens      | Counter tracking input tokens        |
| genkit/ai/generate/output/tokens     | Counter tracking output tokens       |
| genkit/ai/generate/input/characters  | Counter tracking input characters    |
| genkit/ai/generate/output/characters | Counter tracking output characters   |
| genkit/ai/generate/input/images      | Counter tracking input images        |
| genkit/ai/generate/output/images     | Counter tracking output images       |
| genkit/ai/generate/input/audio       | Counter tracking input audio files   |
| genkit/ai/generate/output/audio      | Counter tracking output audio files  |

Each generate-level metric contains the following dimensions:

| Name            | Description                                              |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |

> | modelName       | The name of the model being called.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| modelName       | The name of the model.                                   |
```

> | featureName     | The name of the feature being executed that lead to this |
> :                 : model being called.                                      :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| featureName     | The name of the parent feature being executed.           |
```

Author: Updated.

| path            | The path of execution from the feature root to this      |
:                 : action. eg. '/myFeature/parentAction/thisAction'         :
| temperature     | The temperature parameter passed to the model            |

> | maxOutputTokens | The max output tokens parameter passed to the model      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| maxOutputTokens | The maxOutputTokens parameter passed to the model        |
```

| topK            | The topK parameter passed to the model                   |
| topP            | The topP parameter passed to the model                   |
| latencyMs       | The response time taken by the model                     |
| status          | 'success' or 'failure' depending on whether or not the   |
:                 : feature request succeeded.                               :
| error           | Only set when `status=failure`. Contains the error type  |
:                 : that caused the failure.                                 :

> | source          | The genkit source language. Eg. 'ts'.                    |
> | sourceVersion   | The version of the genkit framework used                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| source          | The Genkit source language. Eg. 'ts'.                    |
| sourceVersion   | The Genkit framework version                             |
```

- `topP` - the inference topP [value](https://ai.google.dev/docs/concepts#model-parameters).

### Feature-level metrics

Features are the top-level entry-point to your Genkit code. In most cases, this
will be a Genkit flow, but if you do not use flows this will be the top-most
span in a Genkit trace.

| Name                    | Type      | Description             |
| ----------------------- | --------- | ----------------------- |
| genkit/feature/requests | Counter   | Number of requests      |
| genkit/feature/latency  | Histogram | Execution latency in ms |

Each feature-level metric contains the following dimensions:

| Name          | Description                                                                      |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name          | The name of the feature. In most cases, this is the top-level genkit flow        |
| status        | 'success' or 'failure' depending on whether or not the feature request succeeded |
| error         | Only set when `status=failure`. Contains the error type that caused the failure  |

> | source        | The genkit source language. Eg. 'ts'                                             |
> | sourceVersion | The version of the genkit framework used                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| source        | The Genkit source language. Eg. 'ts'                                             |
| sourceVersion | The Genkit framework version                                         |
```

| ----------------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| genkit/action/requests  | Counter   | Number of times this action has been executed |
| genkit/action/latency   | Histogram | Execution latency in ms                       |

Each action-level metric contains the following dimensions:

| Name          | Description                                                                                          |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name          | The name of the action being tracked                                                                 |
| featureName   | The name of the parent feature being executed                                                        |
| path          | The path of execution from the feature root to this action. eg. '/myFeature/parentAction/thisAction' |
| status        | 'success' or 'failure' depending on whether or not the action succeeded                              |
| error         | Only set when `status=failure`. Contains the error type that caused the failure                      |

> | source        | The genkit source language. Eg. 'ts'                                                                 |
> | sourceVersion | The version of the genkit framework used                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| source        | The Genkit source language. Eg. 'ts'                                                                 |
| sourceVersion | The Genkit framework version                                                             |
```

| genkit/ai/generate/output/tokens     | Counter   | Output tokens                              |
| genkit/ai/generate/input/characters  | Counter   | Input characters                           |
| genkit/ai/generate/output/characters | Counter   | Output characters                          |
| genkit/ai/generate/input/images      | Counter   | Input images                               |
| genkit/ai/generate/output/images     | Counter   | Output images                              |
| genkit/ai/generate/input/audio       | Counter   | Input audio files                          |
| genkit/ai/generate/output/audio      | Counter   | Output audio files                         |

Each generate-level metric contains the following dimensions:

| Name            | Description                                                                                          |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| modelName       | The name of the model                                                                                |

> | featureName     | The name of the feature being executed that lead to this model being called                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| featureName     | The name of the parent feature being executed                          |
```
